The Little Dobie Shack by Daniel Jeffus of Lovelace.
I love to sit along at night while the moon is shining bright.
The stars up in heaven wink at me.
I love to sing a song that my mother, my mother used to sing.
As she cradled me upon her loving knees.
I can hear the whippoorwill, they're calling for me still.
They sing the song to me of peace and rest.
They seem to say to me, come back to who you used to be, to your little dobie shack away out west.
I could hear the cattle lowing as they stroll along a trail.
I could see the moon a-shining on the plain.
It sends a light from heaven to that dobie door of mine, and a silver tint to every blood and stain.
I could hear the whippoorwill, they're calling for me still.
They sing a song for me of peace and rest.
They seem to say to me, come back to you used to be, to your little dobie shack away out west.
I'll be coming back someday, but the debt I can't repay.
You'll know me, that's where I was born.
The doors were tumbling and the roof led in the rain, but it sheltered me from every wind and storm.
I can hear the whippoorwill, they're calling for me still.
They sing a song to me of peace and rest.
They seem to say to me, come back to you used to be, to your little dobie shack away out west.